
Kalamgaon is a village in the Gadchiroli district  with an area of 351.9 hectares, harbouring 1 households and with total population of 4 as per the 2011 Census. The nearest town is DESAIGANJ at a distance of > 10 km.

== Educational facilities ==

The nearest pre-primary school is at a distance of < 5 km from the village.
The nearest primary school is at a distance of < 5 km from the village.
The nearest Middle school is at a distance of 5-10 kms from the village.
The nearest Secondary school is at a distance of 5-10 kms from the village.
The nearest Senior secondary school is at a distance of 5-10 kms from the village.
The nearest Degree colleges of arts  science & commerce is at a distance of 5-10 kms from the village.
The nearest Engineering college is at a distance of 5-10 kms from the village.
The nearest Medical college is at a distance of 5-10 kms from the village.
The nearest Management institute is at a distance of > 10 km from the village.
The nearest Polytechnic is at a distance of 5-10 kms from the village.
The nearest Vocational training school is at a distance of 5-10 kms from the village.
The nearest Non-formal training centre is at a distance of 5-10 kms from the village.
The nearest special school for the disabled is at a distance of > 10 km from the village.


== Medical facilities (Governmental) ==

The nearest Community health centre is at a distance of > 10 km from the village.
The nearest Primary health centre is at a distance of < 5 km from the village.
The nearest Primary health sub centre is at a distance of > 10 km from the village.
The nearest Maternity and child welfare  centre is at a distance of < 5 km from the village.
The nearest T.B. clinic is at a distance of < 5 km from the village.
The nearest allopathic hospital is at a distance of < 5 km from the village.
The nearest alternative medicine hospital is at a distance of < 5 km from the village.
The nearest Dispencarie is at a distance of < 5 km from the village.
The nearest Veternary hospital is at a distance of > 10 km from the village.
The nearest Mobile health centre is at a distance of > 10 km from the village.
The nearest Family welfare centre is at a distance of < 5 km from the village.

== Drinking water ==

Drinking water from taps facility is not available in the village
Drinking water from wells facility is available in the village

== Communication and transport ==

The nearest Post office facility is at a distance of 5-10 kms from the village.
The nearest Sub Post office facility is at a distance of 5-10 kms from the village.

== Land use ==

Kalamgaon exhibits the following land use pattern (area in hectares):
Forests: 220.9
Area under Non-agricultural Uses : 5
Barren and Un-cultivable land:23.2
Permanent Pastures and Other Grazing Lands:1.1
Land Under Miscellaneous Tree Crops etc. :0
Culturable Waste Land:1.3
Fallow lands other than current fallows:3.1
Current Fallows:2.4
Net Area Sown:94.8
Total Irrigated Land Area:71.9
Total Un-irrigated Land Area:22.9
Irrigation facilities
Sources of irrigation are as follows (area in hectares):
Canals: 0
Wells/Tube-wells: 71.9
Tanks/Lakes: 0
Water Falls: 0
Others: 0


                  
