
Rampur Tukum is a village in the Gadchiroli district  with an area of 166.8 hectares, harbouring 2 households and with total population of 10 as per the 2011 Census. The nearest town is DESAIGANJ at a distance of 5-10 kms.

== Educational facilities ==

The nearest pre-primary school is at a distance of < 5 km from the village.
The nearest primary school is at a distance of < 5 km from the village.
The nearest Middle school is at a distance of 5-10 kms from the village.
The nearest Secondary school is at a distance of 5-10 kms from the village.
The nearest Senior secondary school is at a distance of 5-10 kms from the village.
The nearest Degree colleges of arts  science & commerce is at a distance of 5-10 kms from the village.
The nearest Engineering college is at a distance of 5-10 kms from the village.
The nearest Medical college is at a distance of 5-10 kms from the village.
The nearest Management institute is at a distance of > 10 km from the village.
The nearest Polytechnic is at a distance of > 10 km from the village.
The nearest Vocational training school is at a distance of > 10 km from the village.
The nearest Non-formal training centre is at a distance of > 10 km from the village.
The nearest special school for the disabled is at a distance of > 10 km from the village.


== Medical facilities (Governmental) ==

The nearest Community health centre is at a distance of 5-10 kms from the village.
The nearest Primary health centre is at a distance of 5-10 kms from the village.
The nearest Primary health sub centre is at a distance of 5-10 kms from the village.
The nearest Maternity and child welfare  centre is at a distance of 5-10 kms from the village.
The nearest T.B. clinic is at a distance of 5-10 kms from the village.
The nearest allopathic hospital is at a distance of 5-10 kms from the village.
The nearest alternative medicine hospital is at a distance of 5-10 kms from the village.
The nearest Dispencarie is at a distance of 5-10 kms from the village.
The nearest Veternary hospital is at a distance of 5-10 kms from the village.
The nearest Mobile health centre is at a distance of 5-10 kms from the village.
The nearest Family welfare centre is at a distance of 5-10 kms from the village.


//Primary health centre (PHC),Primary health sub centre (PHS),centre (MCW),(TBC),Hospital-allopathic (HA),Hospital-alternative  medicine (HO),Dispensary (D),Veterinary hospital (VH),Mobile health clinic (MHC),Family welfare centre (FWC),
//Charitable non Govt. hospital/Nursing home.,Medical practitioner with MBBS Degree,Medical practitioner with other  degree,Medical practitioner with no degree,Traditional practitioner  and faith healer .,Medicine Shop,Others
== Drinking water ==

Drinking water from taps facility is not available in the village
Drinking water from wells facility is available in the village

== Communication and transport ==

The nearest Post office facility is at a distance of < 5 km from the village.
The nearest Sub Post office facility is at a distance of < 5 km from the village.

== Land use ==

Rampur Tukum exhibits the following land use pattern (area in hectares):
Forests: 20.3
Area under Non-agricultural Uses : 0
Barren and Un-cultivable land:19.5
Permanent Pastures and Other Grazing Lands:4.2
Land Under Miscellaneous Tree Crops etc. :2.8
Culturable Waste Land:1.4
Fallow lands other than current fallows:1
Current Fallows:1.5
Net Area Sown:116
Total Irrigated Land Area:130
Total Un-irrigated Land Area:-14
Irrigation facilities
Sources of irrigation are as follows (area in hectares):
Canals: 92.4
Wells/Tube-wells: 0
Tanks/Lakes: 0
Water Falls: 0
Others: 37.7


                  
