
Ravanwadi is a village in the Gadchiroli district  with an area of 634.1 hectares, harbouring 196 households and with total population of 758 as per the 2011 Census. The nearest town is DESAIGANJ at a distance of > 10 km.

== Educational facilities ==

There are 2 pre-primary schools in the village
There is 1 primary school in the village
The nearest Middle school is at a distance of < 5 km from the village.
The nearest Secondary school is at a distance of < 5 km from the village.
The nearest Senior secondary school is at a distance of < 5 km from the village.
The nearest Degree colleges of arts  science & commerce is at a distance of > 10 km from the village.
The nearest Engineering college is at a distance of > 10 km from the village.
The nearest Medical college is at a distance of > 10 km from the village.
The nearest Management institute is at a distance of > 10 km from the village.
The nearest Polytechnic is at a distance of > 10 km from the village.
The nearest Vocational training school is at a distance of > 10 km from the village.
The nearest Non-formal training centre is at a distance of > 10 km from the village.
The nearest special school for the disabled is at a distance of > 10 km from the village.


== Medical facilities (Governmental) ==

The nearest Community health centre is at a distance of > 10 km from the village.
The nearest Primary health centre is at a distance of < 5 km from the village.
The nearest Primary health sub centre is at a distance of < 5 km from the village.
The nearest Maternity and child welfare  centre is at a distance of < 5 km from the village.
The nearest T.B. clinic is at a distance of < 5 km from the village.
The nearest allopathic hospital is at a distance of < 5 km from the village.
The nearest alternative medicine hospital is at a distance of < 5 km from the village.
The nearest Dispencarie is at a distance of < 5 km from the village.
The nearest Veternary hospital is at a distance of < 5 km from the village.
The nearest Mobile health centre is at a distance of > 10 km from the village.
The nearest Family welfare centre is at a distance of < 5 km from the village.


//Primary health centre (PHC),Primary health sub centre (PHS),centre (MCW),(TBC),Hospital-allopathic (HA),Hospital-alternative  medicine (HO),Dispensary (D),Veterinary hospital (VH),Mobile health clinic (MHC),Family welfare centre (FWC),
//Charitable non Govt. hospital/Nursing home.,Medical practitioner with MBBS Degree,Medical practitioner with other  degree,Medical practitioner with no degree,Traditional practitioner  and faith healer .,Medicine Shop,Others
== Drinking water ==

Drinking water from taps facility is not available in the village
Drinking water from wells facility is available in the village

== Communication and transport ==

The nearest Post office facility is at a distance of < 5 km from the village.
The nearest Sub Post office facility is at a distance of < 5 km from the village.

== Land use ==

Ravanwadi exhibits the following land use pattern (area in hectares):
Forests: 296.9
Area under Non-agricultural Uses : 129.1
Barren and Un-cultivable land:0.6
Permanent Pastures and Other Grazing Lands:15.8
Land Under Miscellaneous Tree Crops etc. :0
Culturable Waste Land:0.6
Fallow lands other than current fallows:14.6
Current Fallows:0
Net Area Sown:176.5
Total Irrigated Land Area:108.9
Total Un-irrigated Land Area:67.6
Irrigation facilities
Sources of irrigation are as follows (area in hectares):
Canals: 0
Wells/Tube-wells: 1.8
Tanks/Lakes: 107.1
Water Falls: 0
Others: 0


                  
